{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh10200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Daily random photos are the thumbnails on the main page.  \
the jumbotron is a short video (users can upload there video shorts as well ONLY if they have accompanying stills (which are the hero)\
\
This site can activate prints right away like polaroids.  and actively send them to people as gifts .  you can write on the bottom like a real polaroid. and drawn them like time zero film\
Option to send them as postcards!! with zip codes and where you are from.  send them to look like postcards or to look like signed polaroids but to show where you are from based on your gps location\
\
how to create more space between containers? \
    Use Margin is outside of the border within the box or container padding is inside the border\
\
How to make \'91vacation\'92 a hot key to go somewhere?\
     Change to dropdown instead of using select dropdown with anchors <a>\
\
how to put an active button overtop of an image?\
    Research!!!!\
how to put type overtop of an image?\
   create image as the background I don\'92t need to mention that it\'92s visible\
\
CREATE MARGIN PADDING\
\
Homework\
\
6.   make my jumbotron a slider (extra credit)reveals\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 9.  Read Scalable and modular arch, for css (SMACSS)
\b0\fs24 \
\
10.  Create a button for landing page.  \
\
11.  get search button to come down a bit lower.  make footer a bit larger.  \
\
12. How do I make the jumbotron image turn into a slider? \
\
What about making a site that people can change themselves?  If they want to be able to update the content on a somewhat regular basis? would I need to create something that works for them?  EX a template like wordpress? \
I can show you my live books site to see what I mean. \
\
website business can be called cork board? you get to pin your images up (kind of like pointers but you actually pin them up and they are images that you shot.  also you can have your favorites page (that is like pinkest) where you put in order the ones you like most from each category)\
\
NOTES from home work: \
\
- create bleu line of color on outside of pollards?  \
maybe have the nabber collapse? \
\
\
\
}